New AI tool destroys Google notebook
lamb. Okay, so there is a brand new AI
tool that just dropped. It builds you a
full course on any topic in seconds. No
searching, no YouTube rabbit holes, no
guessing what to learn next. You just
type a topic and boom, done. And
honestly, it might just destroy Google
Notebook. Let me show you exactly how it
works. So, right now, learning online is
kind of a mess. Think about it. You want
to learn something new. Maybe it's AI,
maybe it's coding. What do you do? You
go to YouTube, you watch 10 videos, half
of them say different things. Then you
go to Google, you read five blog posts
and 3 weeks later you forgot what you
even learned in week one. There is no
path. There is no structure. You are
just jumping around and hoping something
sticks. And look, I have been doing this
for years. I built a seven figureure
agency. I have over 50,000 students on
Udemy. I know what good learning looks
like and I know what bad learning looks
like. Most of the time the internet
gives you bad learning. It gives you
random pieces of information with no
real plan to connect them. And that is
the problem this new tool is trying to
fix. The tool is called Wandering. And
what it does is wild. You type in any
topic, literally anything. AI,
marketing, Python, blockchain, history,
whatever you want, and it builds you a
full structured course automatically in
seconds. I am not talking about a
summary. I'm not talking about a chatbot
answer. I'm talking about a real course
with a road map, with visual lessons,
with quizzes, with progress tracking,
the whole thing. Think of it like
Dualingo, but for literally anything you
want to learn. That is how they describe
it. Dualingo for anything. And when you
see it in action, it kind of makes
sense. So, let me walk you through what
actually happens when you use it. You
open up the app, you type in a topic.
Let's say you type learn artificial
intelligence. The AI goes to work first.
It builds you a road map. Step one, step
two, step three, all the way through. So
you know exactly where you are going.
Then it creates bite-sized lessons for
each step. And these are not walls of
text. These are short, visual, easy to
understand, even if you know nothing
about the topic. After each lesson, you
get quizzes, multiple choice knowledge
checks, stuff that actually makes you
think and remember what you just
learned. And on top of all that, it
tracks your progress, streaks,
completion rates, the whole gamification
thing, just like Duolingo. So, you
actually stick with it instead of
quitting after day two, like we all do
with online courses. Be honest, we have
all done that. Now, here is where it
gets really interesting. The AI is not
just giving everyone the same thing. It
adapts to you. If you are a beginner, it
gives you simpler lessons. If you
already know the basics, it goes deeper,
wondering, figures out where you are,
and meets you there. And that is what
makes it feel like a real tutor instead
of just a tool. Hey, if we haven't met
already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment. So,
make sure you comment below. Okay, so
now let us talk about the big question.
Does this thing actually destroy
Notebook LM? Here is the truth. They are
not really the same thing but they are
in the same space
and that is why people are comparing
them. Notebook LM is a research tool.
You upload documents, PDFs, articles,
notes and it helps you analyze them. It
gives you summaries. It lets you ask
questions about your sources. It is
great for research, no question. But
here is what it does not do. It does not
teach you. It does not build you a
learning path. It does not quiz you. It
does not track your progress. It does
not adapt to your level. It just works
with the stuff you already have.
Wondering is the opposite. You do not
need to bring anything. You just bring a
topic and it builds everything for you
from scratch. So, think of it this way.
Notebook LM is like having a really
smart research assistant. Wondering is
like having a really smart tutor. Both
useful but very different jobs. And for
a lot of people, especially people who
want to learn new skills fast, wondering
might actually be more useful because
most people do not have a stack of PDFs
to analyze. Most people just want to
learn something new and do not know
where to start. And that is exactly what
this tool is built for. Now, here is
something I want you to pay attention to
because this is where the future is
heading. AI is not just going to answer
questions anymore. It is going to teach.
It is going to build entire learning
systems on the fly customized for you at
your pace on your schedule. Think about
what that means. Textbooks could be
replaced, tutorials could be replaced,
the entire education model could shift.
And tools like wondering are the first
wave of that. Now I am not saying it is
perfect. It is brand new. There is going
to be stuff to improve but the direction
it is going is crazy. The idea that you
can type in any topic and get a full
personalized course in seconds is
something that did not exist a year ago
and now it does. Now if you are watching
this and thinking okay this is cool but
how do I actually use AI to grow my
business and not just learn stuff? I
want to tell you about something. I run
a community called the AI profit
boardroom is the best place to scale
your business, get more customers, and
save hundreds of hours with AI
automation. And if you are into AI
learning tools like Wandering, imagine
having a whole community where we break
down every new AI tool, every workflow,
every shortcut. So, you're not just
learning, you are applying it to your
actual business. Link is in the
description and the comments. Go check
it out. Okay, let us keep going. I want
to give you some practical ways to use
wondering right now because I do not
just want to show you a cool tool. I
want you to actually use it. Number one,
use it to learn a new skill fast. If you
have been wanting to learn something but
never had the time to find the right
course, just type it in. Let the AI
build the road map for you. You'll know
exactly what to study and in what order.
Number two, use it to fill gaps in your
knowledge. Maybe you already know
marketing, but you do not know the
technical side. Type in the specific
area you are weak in. The AI will build
lessons just for that gap. No wasting
time on stuff you already know. Number
three, use it to stay sharp. Even if you
are already an expert, you can use it to
review topics or explore new areas. The
quizzes alone are worth it because they
force you to actively recall information
instead of just passively reading.
Number four, use it alongside other
tools. This is the move that most people
miss. Use wondering to learn the
concepts. Use notebook LM to do deep
research on your own documents. Use chat
GPT when you need quick answers. Use
perplexity when you need to search.
Stack them together. Each tool has a
different job. Do not pick one and
ignore the rest. Use all of them. And
honestly, the people who win with AI are
not the ones who find one tool and stop.
They are the ones who keep learning,
keep testing, and keep stacking tools
together. That is what separates people
who just watch AI videos from people who
actually use AI to get results. Now, let
me leave you with this. AI tools are
moving fast, like really fast. A year
ago, Notebook LM was the big thing. Now,
wondering shows up and everyone is
asking if it is better. And next month,
there will probably be something new
again. The point is not to chase every
shiny tool. The point is to understand
what each tool does and use the right
one for the right job. Wondering is for
learning. Notebook LM is for research,
and knowing the difference is what makes
you dangerous. Now, if you want to stay
on top of every new AI tool that drops,
I have two things for you. First, the AI
Profit Boardroom. This is where I break
down exactly how to use tools like
Wondering Notebook LM, and every other
AI tool to actually scale your business,
get more customers, and automate the
boring stuff. If you like this breakdown
and want more like it, that is the place
to be. Link in the description and
comments. And second, if you want the
full process, SOPs, and over a 100 AI
use cases like this one, join the AI
success lab. It is our free AI
community. Links in the comments and
description. You will get all the video
notes from there, plus access to our
community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. Make sure you
comment below and let me know. Would you
use Wondering instead of Notebook LM, or
do you think they work better together?
Julian reads every single comment. I
will see you in the next